it's like a glove
mcleish m
hoyos to everyone landed
today we find ourselves on ten to
twenty his influence has lost a
palee body lift so firstly
I'd like to start by telling you a big
thank you to everyone for all the good
returns since these are my videos of
10,000 subscribers the blues finally have
finished the specials of but the gives is
so I hope you enjoyed it
I could have really liked you so
I'm really happy so it's me
also I would walk in every time
it's a little bit that we are not
went this game there it's true fun these
vouchers that 2010 have finished for the
10000 subscribers I dream to know is it
you have any idea a video
that friends want to see from my pocket
as I do not know if there are ten days of
videos you prefer kids like
that's what you have videos you
would like me to do I saw others
tubes anything house after
of interest love scenes this level of
quests will disguise himself there is otherwise there is
thought of these two live stream and more in
below the clip did not work
I'm trying to fuck him but all
I hate it
I tried for two hours of time
of all placed all this up and where it's
did not work anyway saarburg is
all the time I do not even know
why there was a shift of voice
have not played twice in a row
damn shit it was the most
annoying to bite one back not two
oh my mouth to the third brother but
not so on your anguish because
in front of the salute of good I like that to
report cultures to resume asi
because we started as soon as it is
like that in this style of return but
it's no more serious than it's two
time I do not think in the clip
start why are they wanting
we can give
Saturday I received adverse or not and you
see where is he telling me where is
does he find and no man disappears
but just no longer there but you know it's
not because it's been a bit that I've
not touched to 20 be doing that I have
lost necessarily world watts and
when sometimes she wants to surf then
manager and this beautiful little clip
well it's a ferret chuck greene that makes
always fun like that took
always well the bottom of love jo but
I have not spoken with you yet it's a
this famous black ops too there no what
is outings what are they in
think down sir maybe that
could interest some people
so here is my opinion on this killer
could be our self I find that
gerald be really good candelier like
know I guess anyone who
account to integrate in the cases of 10
month in general and I find that it's
really it's going really well has
need a black ops so made by 6.5
in data that is really very very
unpopular and I think they have
really took a lot of tariffs to that
there and they look epic
I really hors d'oeuvre we comment
yvon because but I hope it's going to be
not bad nice but say I bite you and
I could forget this wonderful find
fucking he spent 15 months I was better
like that at the common it's my
luck the soft and psp
nothing yes and no ben me too
yeah ok I fell in it and yes
for before I said black ops
trauma of a game not bad epic I
really to protest this make sure you
that the beast I will do really
a lot
I 'm not his first doubled better I
do not know but mark the beast we eat
of the bank wants to play almost not bad
that for that ensures only heats the
organic cheese oat milk or a staff
so that's more or less good
unfolded I think the community in
general d really great expectations for
this black ops too i think that's okay
when the broker says I have the impression
that they did not shoot well this time
I really hope that's fine
restore the world's taste to stay in this
game to really play it a lot
because I think it's because we fooled
a sauna in the boxes very good
properly will love it turned out to be a
phone access
Thursday afternoon is right
it is to think better than in the faith
it's not the same thing
this tablecloth surf flanders is not
maybe not your no towards the thought the
loggia that was the top I had when
even though leaving Dinh life
I have bigger than I still towards
the rape has taken that if you
like upstream more develops like those of
me who do the activities in the
forty years everyone to be
something very very good on
try sunna obsidian to this group if
john baird question him they violate
it's not legal fucking the game is the
band what
at the time only thing it's good you
know all thank you very much
good so that was all for life
from today everybody this point
that you liked it do not forget to leave a
little comment about
questions I posed in relation
next videos
otherwise subscribe to youtube bonds and
my everything is an affective grape of harry
potter all well done because
that's where I say everything but after
when you stream sigec team oman is
not that it does not work everywhere
but yes that's it so cars have all
appreciated we were close ciao
and